Added release notes for 3.6.0 (#16)
ocient/pyocient_release: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an infinite loop issue when the fetch size is set to 0.
```

# Pyocient Release Notes

## 3.6.0

> - Added support for Dataflow SQL statements, including control flow constructs (IF/ELSE, WHILE, FOR loops), exception handling (FINALLY), and table variables.

Reviewer: Dataflow will not be documented until v27. Can we postpone this note?

Author: I debated that.  The problem is that in the future, when rolehostd supports dataflow, it is important to note that THIS version of pyocient supports it.

Reviewer 2: Can we at least make a note that it requires corresponding server side support which will exist in some release post 26.1?

Reviewer: Typically, user docs don't discuss the future, unless there's functionality removal.

Author: Right..but this is NOT future functionality...this is functionality which is in this code which is going to  be released publicly

> - Added support for Dataflow SQL statements, including control flow constructs (IF/ELSE, WHILE, FOR loops), exception handling (FINALLY), and table variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for Dataflow SQL statements. Dataflow is a procedural superset of SQL that acts as an ad-hoc, anonymous, and imperative script. This new syntax parses, compiles, and executes logic in a single request using flow control, variables, scoped temporary tables, and exception handling. This new functionality requires version 27 or later of the Ocient® System.
```

- Added support for cross-database SSO authentication.

> - Added support for Google as an OIDC provider with server-side token exchange and polling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for Google® as an OIDC provider with server-side token exchange and polling.
```

- Added support for specifying identity providers and SSO OAuth flow options.
- Added support for SSL and hostname in SSO callback URLs.
- Added support for token lifetimes in the client wire protocol.
- Added the commit SHA to the pyocient package for version tracking.
- Added support for URL-encoded special characters in DSN passwords.

> - Fixed an issue where null elements in multidimensional arrays were incorrectly returned as empty arrays instead of `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the driver to return NULL elements in multidimensional arrays as `None`  instead of empty arrays.
```

> - Fixed an issue with precision and scale handling when casting arrays and tuples containing decimal types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed precision and scale handling during the cast of arrays and tuples that contain DECIMAL types.
```

> - Removed a debug print statement that was incorrectly included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed an unnecessary debug print statement.
```

> - Fixed the driver to return NULL elements in multidimensional arrays as `None`  instead of empty arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the driver to return NULL elements in multidimensional arrays as `None` instead of empty arrays.
```

- Fixed the parsing of CLI argument keys to be lowercase.

> - Improved CLI parsing of Ocient® SQL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved CLI parsing of Ocient SQL statements.
```

> - Fixed an issue where CLI argument keys were not parsed as lowercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the parsing of CLI argument keys to be lowercase.
```

> - Improved CLI parsing of Ocient SQL statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved CLI parsing of Ocient® SQL statements.
```

> - Reduced verbosity of debug messages during normal operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced the verbosity of debug messages during normal operation.
```
